Hi guys, welcome to this course on 3D modeling with
Blender! Blender's a super powerful 3D modeling tool but
it is not the easiest to get started or get to grips with, but please, it's worth it! And we're going to
make it easy, even for complete beginners? We certainly are! We've got a lot to go through
and it's going to be super easy for anybody to get hold of. Now, I'm Michael,
your primary instructor throughout this course and digital artist. And I'm Ben,
I'm one of Udemy's top instructors and I'm here to make sure this course is
perfect, in terms of the way that it teaches you to do this. So where...
How are we going to do it? How are we going to teach a complete beginner a complex package
like Blender? Well we've got 10 sections, thoroughly going through
from the very basics all the way through to some more advanced stuff. Now, where do we
start with that? Well we need to start with the interface, that's the tough nut to crack. So we'll
get you comfortable in Blender's interface, firstly, and then, move you straight on to block modeling,
where you're going to make the fundamental building blocks. Everything is really simple
in this section, so we start building up our models from scratch. From there,
you're going to move into a bowling pin. We've chosen that because it's curved, basically,
and then you're going to be able to start making things that are rounded and are more interesting. From the bowling
pin, Mikey, where do we go? A lovely chess set and this is where we start integrating models
together, so we've got more than one model and the scene starts to get a bit more complicated and we also start
applying our first textures, too. And then, not wishing to rest on our laurels, we're going
to go straight into an animated lamp. Think about that one from the famous
movie studio, and there you're going to learn about basic animation but also about other ways of
rendering and lighting your scene. Now we've got one of my favorite sections, a fluffy
bunny, where we learn about organic modeling and making and
using particle systems. Then, we're going to bring together practically everything you've learned, up to that
point, to make this beautiful gothic church scene.
It's brilliant! And we take all of the knowledge we've got in that and start making a
human head. Now this is a big feat! It's where we start making realistic materials,
the ultimate goal of any CG artist. Absolutely! From there,
we're going to talk about physics, destruction, and defamation! You're going to be able to see how to get Blender to
calculate, for example, how a wall would fall apart if something hit it! Then, what?
Well that's lots of fun but not as fun as VFX where we combine your CG
art, that you've already made, with a real world scene, real world footage
video. Brilliant, lots of fun! So now please, there's so much potential
in Blender! It's a fantastic time really to learn 3D
modeling and 3D art! So please take this course with us now!